You haven't slept yet?
Do you want to ask today?
Chen Qiaoqian in his mouth today
Is it my wife?
Yes, my wife is still in Suspense Dao Palace
Then I will solve this matter by myself
But you were targeted by the pear garden
I'm afraid so.
In this game, he will definitely achieve the means
If you meet him directly on the playing field
Air race
Do you think
I am afraid of death
You are so young that you have already stepped into Migu Tsing Yi
There is no doubt about talent or perseverance
But
There is a big difference between not being afraid of death and dying
But you are only half a year older than me
Let me tell you something.
What was it three months ago?
I'm still a broken piece of golden wheat
Broken golden wheat
Then you so
You don't have to fight me
Mark my words
If you encounter Liyuan
direct gas race
No shame
It's getting late.
We have to play tomorrow
The Hundred Doors Club is about to begin
Please come forward and draw lots
Picking an opponent
lottery rules
Those who draw the same number are competitors on the same stage
Now I announce that the lottery ceremony will now begin
I am number seventy-three
How about you, number 17?
How about you?
Miss Yan Bianqian
What's your number?
What does his number have to do with you?
I am number 80.
How about you, Miss Yan Panxian?
What number are you?